This directory contains examples  of micrOMEGAs  auxiliary codes which do not require computation of  matrix elements. 
Code compilation can be performed by 
   make    ( for main.c) 
or 
   make  main=XXXX.c  ( for other c-programs) 

1) simpson.c 
Examples of 1d integration routine "simpson". We test the integration of simple functions: Breit-Wigner, pole, 1/x^p and a random function.  The result is compared with precise analytical calculations, the relative error "err" and number of calls are printed.     

2) dd_exp.c  different tests related to direct detection experimental limits.  
3) hEff.c  
   Here we demostrate how effective number of degrees of freedom is obtained using lattice calculations: function hLat(T). 
   Then we compare hLat with corresponding functions presented in resent publications. 
4) hubble.c
   Calculation of the age of the Universe and some other key-times in the evolution of the Universe 
5) Sommerfeld.c 
   Example of calculation of Sommerfeld enhancement
5) below2GeV.c    spectra of photons produced by pions and kaons 
6) CMB.c   CMB limit 1506.03811 
7) reHeating.c  in progress  
9) main.c 
Example of a code to compute certain observables for model-independent  analysis.
The free parameters are
 1- The WIMP mass (Mcdm)
 2- SI cross-sections on protons (csSIp) and neutrons (csSIn) in pb.
 3- SD cross-sections on protons (csSDp) and neutrons (csSDn) in pb.
 4- Cross section for DM annihihilation in the galaxy ( vcs ) in pb. = 0.310;
 5- The branching rations for DM pair annihilation in SM final states, the final states are specified by an array containing the pdgCode (pdgCH[nCH]) and the branching fraction are specified in the array  fracCH[nCH]. For example
int    pdgCH[nCH] ={   6,   5,  15,  23,   24};
double fracCH[nCH]={0.59,0.12,0.20,0.03, 0.06};

The observables computed are:
  1- Indirect detection : the fluxes for photons, positrons and antiprotons
  2- Direct detection on nuclei: the distribution for the recoil energy of the nucleus
    and the total number of events in an energy range
  3- Neutrino flux for DM captured in the Sun : number of events and exclusion level for IceCube22
